# CCNU-DigitalLibrary2
This topic focuses on the semantic association method between query image and parsed text and query image search matching method in mobile visual search system with digital library as the research object. This topic intends to carry out research on the research object from the following four aspects, as follows:
1. Image data cleaning in digital libraries

The generalization adaptability of the deep neural network is highly dependent on the number of image samples and the quality of annotation for training the deep neural network. There are a large number of unannotated media data in digital libraries, for example, the first phase of the CADAL project has built 1.023 million digital resources in English and Chinese, including digital media resources from ancient to modern documents. The quality of image data in digital libraries can be cleaned and annotated according to the national standard GB/T31219, which directly affects the effect of deep learning technology and the credibility of the conclusions drawn. The research is to clean and annotate the image data in the digital library, and to generate a sample image database for the research of semantic association method between query image and parsed text and search and matching method of query image.

2. Semantic association method between query image and parsed text

The similarity of heterogeneous data cannot be directly measured by the underlying feature data because the underlying features of different media data are different (e.g., images are represented by pixels and texts are represented by words). How to mine the intrinsic connection of heterogeneous data and learn a common isomorphic subspace for heterogeneous data becomes a key problem for the research. The research approach should not only support the spanning of data types in the retrieval process, but also support the spanning of heterogeneous media data in semantic terms. For example, images of tigers and descriptive textual data of tigers are expressed in different forms, but the concept of tiger is expressed at the semantic level. Specifically A deep neural network model that can handle the semantic association between the query image and the parsed text is constructed. Second, a deep neural network model is constructed using A migration learning method for training the constructed deep neural network models with a small amount of annotated image data from digital libraries. Finally, the studied deep neural network model is used to generate an image-text association database as a database for query image search results. The database is used as a database for query image search results.

3. The query image search matching method

Deep learning techniques are particularly suitable for processing big data from a statistical and computational point of view, as they are almost the only end-to-end machine learning systems that work directly on the raw data, automatically learning media features layer by layer, and optimizing an objective function directly throughout the process. Deep learning techniques, like probabilistic models, provide a rich, connectionist-based modeling framework that can express the rich relationships and structures inherent in the data, and are typically trained on elaborate multilayer neural networks for learning the underlying media features, leading to more discriminative high-level semantic descriptions. The hash indexing approach is to use hash functions to map the high-dimensional representation of image data to the Hamming space of the low-dimensional representation of data, while quantifying the data with binary numbers, which take up little storage space and can be obtained by a simple heterogeneous or operation during online retrieval of query images.Similarity. In this study, a deep neural network model is constructed to generate a hash coding of semantic features directly from the query image. Secondly, we use a small amount of annotated image data from digital libraries to train the constructed deep neural network The migration learning method of the model.

4. Development and empirical validation of method validation software

At present, a large number of deep learning tools are developed and shared in the form of open source and free of charge, and the representative open source tools for deep neural networks are Caffe, TensorFlow, etc. For example, Nvidia also provides a free GPU-based CUDA framework for scientific computing and a cuDNN library designed for neural networks to facilitate the application of deep learning technology, which greatly reduces the threshold for general users to use deep learning technology. The specific research is to develop a validation software adapted to the research results of this project using existing open source tools. Secondly, the open image and text data in the digital library are used to compare the search results in terms of completeness and accuracy to verify the effectiveness and practicality of the mobile visual search method studied in this project.

